add sast-ai-integration.yaml file (#223)
RHEcosystemAppEng/sast-ai-workflow: config/konflux/README.md

# Konflux Integration

Tekton Task definition for running SAST-AI as a step in a [Konflux](https://konflux-ci.dev/) pipeline.

## `sast-ai-integration.yaml`

> This Task runs after SAST scans in a Konflux pipeline. It:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This Task should be added as a custom tekton task in Konflux CI. Then should configue the push/merge CI triggers to run. The purpose of this custom tekton task is to trigger SAST-AI from a Konflux CI pipeline. It does the following actions:
```
